Addressed final content feedback (#9)
OpenLiberty/draft-guide-microprofile-istio-retry: README.adoc

You will make a request to the `system` service from the `inventory` service to access the 
JVM system properties of your running container. The Istio [hotspot=gateway file=0]`gateway` is the entry point for HTTP requests to the cluster. 

> The `Host` header of your `system` service and `inventory` service has a value of `system.example.com` and `inventory.example.com`, respectively. 

Reviewer: Explain why we need to the host header set too?

== Turning off MicroProfile Fault Tolerance

When we have both MicroProfile and Istio Fault Tolerance capabilities enabled, there is a compounding effect that may be unexpected. 
If both MicroProfile and Istio set their own Retry policies on a service,
the maximum number of retries that occur is not equivalent to either of the number of retries specified in MicroProfile or Istio. 
The number of retries set by MicroProfile and Istio are actually multiplied.

In the case that you want to use Istio as your service mesh and its fault tolerance capabilities, 
you can turn off MicroProfile Fault Tolerance via a property to avoid any overlap in behaviours.

MicroProfile Fault Tolerance offers a config property `MP_Fault_Tolerance_NonFallback_Enabled` that disables all 
MicroProfile Fault Tolerance capabilities except fallback. If `MP_Fault_Tolerance_NonFallback_Enabled` is set to false, all of the 

> specified MicroProfile annotations, including `@Retry`, won't take effect and only keep `@Fallback` available to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
behaviours specified by the MicroProfile Fault Tolerance annotations, including `@Retry`, won't take effect and except for the `@Fallback` behaviour.
```

You will define the `MP_Fault_Tolerance_NonFallback_Enabled` config property in a ConfigMap.
ConfigMaps store configuration settings about a Kubernetes pod. This configuration needs to be loaded into the pod as an environment variable to be 

> used by the pod's containers. The environment variables are defined in the pod's specification using the `envFrom` field. 

Reviewer: Can add a link to the Kubernetes-MP Config guide where appropriate too.
